When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
  Remote repository facilitates collaborations.Remote repositories can be used when we prefer our work to be public.
  when we keep all our work local,the changes cannot be seen by anybody else.
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  If Git automatically updated with our local repository after every single commit, things may become public even before they are full ready.
  So, it is better if we manually pull changes when required.
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
    Fork is a feature of GitHub used to make a copy of somebody else's repository directly to our own account.Changes can be made in GitHub or by pushing down to our local machine.
    Clones help us replicate a repository from GitHub to our local machines.Changes can be made locally on our machine.
    Branches are used to save a commit or a change using a label.This does not create copies of repositories.
    Fork can be used when you wish to make changes public and clones can be used when u want to make private changes and branches can be used when you want collaborators to make changes on the same repository.
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  I would have a copy of the last known state of the remote locally when I am about to go without Internet access for a while.
 This makes the file more easily accessible.I would it only when I wish to.
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
  Collaborating without using Git or GitHub would require the creation of a shared folder.This would sometimes make it difficult when the changes are different and contradicting.
  It would be easy to access the files but makes it difficult to spot bugs if introduced.Changes made by others may go un-noticed.
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
 I would prefer to make changes directly in master.When I need  to collaborate with a lot of people, I prefer using branches to keep track of the changes and feedback.
